	Writing has always been more of a chore to get over with, rather than an activity to be enjoyed. But as I explore different writing methods and styles, that's slowly starting to change. In this response, I'll explore why I initially relied on freewriting, what limitations it presents, and how I've come to incorporate two new techniques - looping and interviewing (or "crowdsourcing" as I like to call it) - into my writing process. 
	All my life I've preferred freewriting over any other method to start a paper. In my experience, once the words start flowing, I'll have a rough draft in fifteen minutes flat. But, as I've been advancing into higher levels of writing classes, I slowly started realizing that freewriting isn't as omnipotent as I previously believed. My main problem with freewriting is getting stuck; hitting those mental speed bumps that derails my train of thought and leaves me wondering what I was just thinking about. That's where looping comes in.
	Looping is essentially iterative freewriting. Instead of writing what comes to mind, and patting myself on the back, looping takes a more structured approach to one of, if not the most versatile "Priming the Pump" technique. First, I freewrite for around ten minutes, then I quickly skim over my work to get a mental image of where the paper wants to go, and do another quick freewrite with this new, more refined main idea to work off of.
	The final technique I chose is the one that I would normally avoid like the cooties; crowdsourcing. For context, I'm fairly introverted most of the time and the thought of turning to a classmate to both gain and give inspiration has been somewhat otherworldly, or nonsensical, to me for a big part of my life. But, surprisingly, as I grow from my teen years to adulthood, I'm beginning to appreciate the alternate approaches to a problem that crowdsourcing can show you.

Personally, I find clustering a headache to look at so I never really used it, but that's not the point. It's pretty interesting to me that something that has the complete opposite effect on me, clustering, can have the same effect for you that freewriting has for me. I feel like getting all my thoughts into "paragraph" form helps me visualize things in a line, whereas drawing bubbles around words gives you that image of linearity.

